qm-cleanup: add page (#8742)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/qm-cleanup.md

# qm cleanup 

> Cleans up resources like tap devices, vgpus, etc. Called after a vm shuts down, crashes, etc.
> More information: <https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/qm.1.html>.

> - The (unique) ID of the VM: 
>   >> vmid: --integer (1 - N)
>    >>> Example:
> `qm cleanup {{100}}`

Reviewer: We use this format in `tldr-pages`
```suggestion
- Clean up resources of a specific virtual machine: 

`qm cleanup {{vm_id}}`
```
